[Nagisa]
Tomoya, watch out!
Huh?
[both grunting]
Be careful!
That was a close one!
Sorry, I just spaced out
for a second...
-I got it!
-Daydream all you want,
but don't come crying to me
when I knock out your teeth.
Let's cheer for Dad,
okay, Tomoya?
I promise he won't knock
your teeth out on purpose.
Go, Akio! Show them
a good fight out there.
Keep your eye
on the ball, Sanae!
Because this homerun...
is for you!
-[gleeful laugh]
-Another perfect hit!
That was great, Dad!
You're the best!
[laughing]
-You saw that?!
-[glass breaks in distance]
Uh...
[Nagisa]
[opening song]
Hey, we're playing baseball.
Yeah, go ahead.
Don't give me that!
We got another big game
coming up this Sunday,
so you better put together
a winning team for me, or else!
I never agreed to that!
The guys we're playing
are a bunch of shop owners
from another town.
But that's not the point.
The point is these bastards
are our sworn enemies.
It's a big deal. Dad plays in
the league for grown-ups, too.
Anyway, our enemy's been
recruiting guys
who played in the
high school nationals.
It's a dirty trick,
but thanks to them,
our team has been on a hell
of a losing streak.
Our team has been losing?
Is that why the neighborhood
has been so depressed lately?
So the point is,
if we wanna cheer up our
friends and neighbors,
we gotta win this next
game at all costs.
You can scrap the
whole damned roster.
All that matters is that you put
together a winning team.
-Yeah, but why's it gotta be me?
-You're starting
-your second semester, right?
-Nagisa, could you please...
-...pass me the soy sauce?
-Sure!
I know you got plenty
of buddies in the drama club
that'd be willing
to help you out.
I saw how well you guys worked
together at the School Festival.
With a little practice,
I bet you'd make a bang-up
baseball team!
Plus, if you're gonna
date Nagisa,
you'd better score some
points with daddy too, get it?
Hey! You know I can't play
baseball; my shoulder's no good!
All that matters is the flame
you got burning in your heart!
Light it like a fireball!
You're talking crazy talk.
[chime tinkling]
[Tomoya] Our last semester
is starting.
I'm still staying
with Nagisa's family.
As seniors we're supposed
to start thinking about
our futures,
but I'm still clueless.
Sometimes I think my life
will be over
before I figure out
what to do with it.
[Kyou] You kidding? Of course
I'll play with you guys!
If we have you
on the team, Kyou,
there's no way we can lose!
I gotta admit, Nagisa,
your dad must have
a pretty keen eye for talent
if he's scouting
the great Youhei Sunohara!
Yeah, apparently he sensed
your amazing athletic abilities
with his psychic powers.
What can I say?
A talent like mine
can't help but shine...
even if I try to live
a normal life.
Well, that didn't take much.
Good thing he's so gullible.
Say what now?!
I'm just kidding!
You're an incredible genius!
An incredible athlete!
Incredibly thin, providing
incredible protection...
-...even at night!
-You called it!
Tomoya, do you think I could
play baseball with you, too?
Uh, do you know
the rules, Kotomi?
I think I have a pretty
good idea.
Since I watched you and Tomoyo
when you played against
the school team,
I've wanted to give
it a try ever since.
-[Youhei] You saw that?
-[Tomoya sighs]
What about you, Ryou?
Are you gonna play?
Uh, I'll just
cheer from the sidelines.
Sports aren't
exactly my strong point.
Then I guess that makes two
people cheering for you!
You can't let us down,
okay, Tomoya?
[Kyou] Hmm?
[Tomoya] What now?
Oh, it's nothing...
Just cute to see you two
acting like a couple.
[both gasp]
Oh, you think so?
It's not like you to call on me
like this. Is something wrong?
Sunohara told me he wants to
get nasty with you in public.
-[loud blast]
-[Youhei cries]
I guess I should've known
that Tomoyo
would pass the strength test
with flying colors.
I'm not your
guinea pig, damn it!
What are you talking about?
[Nagisa] Thanks for joining
the team, Tomoyo.
We're happy to have you!
I haven't agreed
to anything yet.
All I said is that I might join
if you could get
Misae to join too.
Misae looks like
she's in pretty good shape.
We gotta make sure
we recruit her no matter what.
Don't worry, she'll do it
for me. We go way back.
-Oh!
-Huh?
Isn't that Yusuke Yoshino?
[Tomoyo] Oh yeah, the guy
from the wedding, right?
While we're at it, we might
as well ask him to join, too!
Hey! Yoshino!
[Nagisa] I don't think
he can hear you.
Let's do a "Yoshino call!"
A "Yoshino call"?
Yeah, like when you want
an encore.
He used to be in
a rock band, right?
We gotta speak his language
if we want him to hear us.
All together.
Yoshino! Yoshino!
Yoshino!
Are you making fun of me, punk?
Sorry, guys, but I can't do it;
I work on Sundays.
Oh, I see...
Gotta get back
to my job. See ya.
Wait a second.
Tomoya, I know how you feel,
but but we shouldn't force him.
Yoshino, my friend here,
Sunohara,
-he really looks up to you.
-Huh?!
[Tomoya] His family
is from Tohoku.
Once he graduates,
he'll probably never
come back here again.
He wants to have one final
memory of this town... with you,
the guy he admires
more than anyone else.
Is that too much to ask?
I never knew he
meant that much.
You should've said
something sooner.
You're too good to me.
I love you, man!
You're not really
crying, are you?
I was wrong.
If I'd known, I wouldn't have
been so short with you.
So, you'll do it?
Yeah, I'll make some
time somehow.
I'm sorry, do you
need something?
Let's play baseball!
I'll pass. Goodbye.
You know, maybe you should
keep your mouth shut next time.
What did I do wrong?!
Please, Misae, it'll
only a take a second!
Just hear us out!
You people are still here?
Let's play baseba-
Ugh!
Why don't you take
a little nap?
Oh, it's Sakagami!
Is this about
the student council?
No, not this time.
It sounds strange, but I want
to play baseball with you.
[Misae] Huh? Baseball?
Yeah. Because you're my, uh...
my inspiration.
But I'd like to think of you
as my rival, as well.
I know it's selfish,
but if we were able to play
sports together,
I feel like I could learn
a lot from you.
It really would really mean
the world to me.
Well, I can't say "no"
to those puppy dog eyes.
I can't believe we put
together the whole team.
Now all we need is Mei
and we'll be set.
I wonder if she'll
really show up.
[Nagisa] Hey, why don't we ask
your dad to come, too...?
If he saw how hard
you're working,
I bet he'd be proud.
Also, I...
I'd like to meet him.
I've never met him before...
I dunno. Maybe next time, okay?
Oh! Tomoya! Wait!
Come back here!
[upbeat sports theme]
Th-th-th-that's really
Yusuke Yoshino, isn't it?!
Hi, Mei. I'm glad you
could make it in time.
When I said she could
meet Yusuke Yoshino,
she jumped on the express train.
Believe it or not, I still
remember you from high school.
I guess you had a way
of standing out, huh?
[both chuckling]
Thanks for putting
up with me back then.
Anyway, you two look
like a happy couple!
Happy enough, at least.
Wow, Misae and Kouko go way back
and nobody even knew...
I guess so.
[Akio] Everybody, gather 'round!
[all] Huh?
I'm tickled pink you
could all make it here.
Seriously, I appreciate it.
But it's all for nothing
if we lose this.
In short, if you guys screw up,
I'll make you eat Sanae's bread.
Give 'em hell out there!
[Kyou] What does he mean
by Sanae's bread?
[Tomoya] You're better off
not knowing.
They're about to throw
the first pitch!
Give them your best, Sis!
Good luck out there, Yuu!
Put up a good fight!
I know you can do it!
[batter] Hmph. That's
a pretty mismatched team
you got there, pal.
You've really hit
a new low.
We'll see about that.
You say "mismatched,"
but I like to think of
them as "one of a kind."
[Akio grunts]
-[Youhei winces]
-[umpire] Strike!
Whoa, that was fast!
Your brother may not look tough,
but he's the only one who could
catch a ball like that
without losing an arm.
-[grunt]
-My hands can't take it!
It's okay
if you break a hand or two,
just make sure you catch
the ball, okay?
You're a cold-blooded monster,
you hear me?!
[Akio] Three up, three down.
That's a pretty good start.
Huh? I never knew
he was a lefty?
[Kyou] He's probably just
keeping an eye on first base
so he doesn't get confused
and run the wrong way.
[pitcher grunts]
[Youhei yells]
Guh!
[Tomoya] Big yell for
a little pop-up, huh?
[Mei] And now he's out.
Ugh, so lame...
You're first up to bat
and you're already
making us look bad.
That guy was a high
school all-star!
Let me see you try to hit
a pitch like that!
All right then,
don't mind if I do...
[grunt]
[teams gasps]
[Akio] Wow. She ain't that bad.
How do you like that?
-C'mon! Lemme bat again!
-[Kyou showboating]
[Tomoya] You don't know how this
game works at all, do you?
[grunt]
-[girls cheering]
-We're on the board first!
Three runs and counting!
What the hell was that?
You trying to pick a fight?!
One out, bases loaded.
It's up to you, Tomoyo.
Okay, but I've never
done this before.
Could you tell me how it works?
-Turn your hands around...
-Like this?
Put your feet further apart and
try to swing with your hips.
[Tomoya] If you get a hit,
run to first.
-[grunt]
-Strike one!
[Tomoya] Tomoyo!
Don't swing unless the ball's
between here to here.
[affirmative sigh]
[pitcher grunts]
[Tomoyo] Gah!
How do you like that, assholes?!
[pitcher] No way...
Sorry. I didn't mean
to lose the ball.
No, it's fine!
Quick, run around the field!
[Mei] That guy
looks pretty strong.
No joke. The high school
nationals are a big deal.
[grunt]
[gasp]
-[solid thud]
-[shocked gasps]
Guh...
[screaming in pain]
[continued screams]
Are you okay?
Old man!
Sorry, my hand just slipped!
Did you do that on purpose?!
N-no... It was an accident,
I swear!
You're short a player.
You you want to borrow
one of our guys or what?
What, are you nuts?
It's my team or no team!
Our town's reputation
is on the line here.
We can't lose.
We're changing pitchers.
You're up to the mound...
Nagisa!
Huh?
[group] Huh?!
[Ryou] Do you think Nagisa
will be okay out there?
Truth is, there's no way we
could stop these guys from
getting hits, even if we had an
experienced pitcher out there.
But since we have a rookie
that's probably
gonna throw wild,
we're more likely to see a bunch
of easy grounders or fly balls.
Come on, Nagisa!
Show them a good fight!
[oinking and meowing]
Nagisa, stay cool out there.
Even if they get a hit, we're
here to cover for you, okay?
[Nagisa] Thanks.
I'll give it my best shot!
All right, Nagisa,
let's do this!
[weak grunt]
[gasp]
Ah!
Tomoyo!
-[loud slam]
-Out!
If it wasn't for you guys,
I don't think I could've
survived out there!
It's all right, Nagisa.
We're a team after all.
That's what we're here for.
-[Youhei] Okazaki!
-[girls] Huh?
Load up the bases for me, okay?
Sure, count on the guy
with the bum shoulder.
Strike! Batter out!
[Nagisa sighs]
[Kotomi] The first pitch has
a 62% chance of being
a low inside ball.
Bat length, 800 millimeters.
Ball size, 70 millimeters.
Based on the length of my arms
and their operating range,
combined with my calculation
of the ball's speed...
I should be able to hit it!
[grunt]
[yelp]
A Texas leaguer! Wow!
Run, Kotomi! Run!
-[panting]
-[umpire] Safe!
All right, I did it!
[Youhei] This is my chance
to restore my bad reputation!
[Tomoya] Is that a good thing?
[baseball bat pings]
-[Youhei panics]
-You're out!
-What are you, stupid?!
-[Youhei wheezing]
Kotomi gets a solid hit and
you just put it to waste!
You're the worst, Sunohara.
Why are you so lame?
And the bad reputation stands.
[Akio] No outs with
a runner on third.
This looks like
her moment of truth.
Come on, Nagisa, you can do it!
[weak grunt]
Ah! Right field!
[nervous cries]
Ah! Hey, look, I caught it!
[Tomoya] Kotomi!
-Huh?
-Throw it home! Quick!
[Youhei] Over here!
I'm right here!
[Kotomi] I'm sorry.
I forgot the runner
could still tag up.
Don't feel bad; thanks to you,
they only got one run
instead of two.
Besides we're still in the lead.
They score one on us,
we score one back.
Now let's see some hits!
Why are all the girls
so much better than us?
That pitcher's hardcore
and they're still getting hits
left and right!
No outs with runners on first
and third. Who's up next?
Oh right, it's you. I forgot.
Do a squeeze play.
A... squeeze play?
What am I supposed to squeeze?
Never mind!
Just swing the bat, okay?
[umpire] Strike! Batter out!
I'm sorry, Dad.
Nah, it's fine.
We got Tomoyo-girly here
to cover for you.
Don't give me
weird nicknames, old man.
Tomoyo! Hit us a big homerun
like last time.
Yeah, a real big one!
-[Tomoyo] No way.
-[girls gasp]
I don't want a big manly hit.
I want a girly little hit
that's pretty and cute.
Show them a good fight!
[gasps]
I guess girly hits are a lot
harder than manly ones.
You can do it, Okazaki!
We all believe in you!
[Tomoya] With my shoulder,
there's only one option.
You're out.
Can't say it's my style...
But hell... it might
not be a bad strategy.
[Youhei] Okazaki...
For shame.
You've sunk so low!
It's better than
hitting into a double play
like someone we know.
Don't give me that!
A real man goes for it
full-swing!
[baseball bat pings]
[panting]
[Akio] Awesome! Go Misa-misa!
Stop it with the nicknames!
[Tomoyo] Yeah, there we go!
I'm your biggest fan!
You can do it!
Right...
[umpire] Strike!
[Yoshino]
Come on, pull it together.
You can do better than this.
I have to get a good hit
for the kids' sake!
-[ball thuds]
-[umpire] Strike!
Come on, Yoshino!
Give them a good fight!
Now watch!
This is a gift...
from me to you!
[cheering]
If you can get him
away from his job,
that guy's a natural superstar.
-[Yoshino] Forgive me.
-Hm?
This is the only gift I can
give you right now, children.
A formless treasure.
A memory of our time together.
I have no money to spare.
I have no material possessions
to pass on.
But even so-
-You're out!
-Huh?!
At any rate,
don't quit your day job.
I'm sure he meant well,
at least.
[Akio] Great.
Now they've taken the lead.
[Sanae] Give them a good fight!
I'm sorry, guys...
Hey, don't feel bad,
it's not your fault.
Those guys are just too good!
You're one to talk!
They took the lead
because of your wild throw!
Not to mention your
sloppy play before that.
Yeah, and right before that,
you dropped a pop fly,
fumbled with the ball, and put
their go-ahead runner on base.
-[shocked whimper]
-[bat pings]
[Misae] Sorry, I tensed up.
It's only one out.
Come on, Nagisa, you're up.
Oh! Okay.
[Mei]
Take it easy, Nagisa!
[Kouko] Just try to focus,
all right?
[Kotomi] Take a deep breath
and swing!
[Kyou]
Relax, it's okay!
It doesn't matter
if you strike out!
Just swing the bat with no
regrets and never look back!
No regrets and
never look back...
[grunt]
[crowd gasps]
[Nagisa] I did it!
[Akio] Yeah!
You do me proud, Nagisa!
I can't hold back this time!
Ugh!
[sigh]
That's a damn shame,
but what can you do?
Tell me,
am I smiling right now?
No, I wouldn't
call that a smile.
I hope that you can forgive me
for letting you down
like this...
For this memory.
And yet...
I will smile in the end!
Give it your best, Yuu!
This is a gift from me to you!
Now watch!
[crowd gasps]
-[cheering]
-Sweet!
Got a go-ahead runner on base!
-[Yoshino] Children...
-Huh?
This is the
only gift I can-
T-time out, okay?
This is the only gift I can
give you right now, children.
A formless treasure.
A memory of our time together.
I have no money to spare.
I have no material
possessions to pass on.
But even so...
formless though they may be,
these precious memories
will live on forever.
In my heart...
I know this is true.
[pitcher] Uh... Are you done?
Yeah. Thanks you.
All right! That's my man!
[Misae sighs]
Thank you, Yoshino, your words
really touched my heart!
[deep inhale and exhale]
[Akio] Hey, kid.
Two outs, bases loaded.
Can't do a squeeze play now.
The rest you're gonna have
to figure out yourself.
But with my shoulder, I can't...
-[Sanae] Okazaki.
-Huh?
Give them a fight!
We're counting on you!
You're the only one who can
bring Nagisa home safe!
Good luck, Okazaki.
I believe in you.
I know you won't
let us down out there.
Don't worry, Tomoya,
you'll do just fine.
[Akio] Give this town...
a win, kid!
Hey, Misae, if you don't mind,
do you think I could come over
and visit sometime?
Of course!
Stop by whenever you like!
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Feel free to eat
as much as you like!
Everything looks so good,
I don't know where to start!
[oinking and meowing]
Something's been
bothering me all day.
Who is that lady?
Nagisa's big sister?
Uh, yeah, something like that.
[Youhei] Wow,
a pair of hotties...
Nagisa, I have a little
favor to ask of you...
What is it?
[whispering]
Man, that sure felt great,
didn't it?
Seriously, we must be
the best team ever!
You looked really cool
out there, Sis.
Maybe we should turn this team
into a full-time thing!
Any time you want to make
some more memories...
you guys give me a call.
Everyone, together now...
Here's to the Furukawa Bakers'
stunning victory...
-[all] Cheers!
-[bat pings]
[panting]
[Akio] Run, run!
[cheering]
[ending song]
[Nagisa] Sunohara, have you ever
thought about your future goals
or what you want
to do with yourself?
Hm... Can't say it's
come to mind, no.
Obviously, college
is out of the question,
so I guess I'll just find any
old job and work any old way.
But if I happened to find
a responsible girlfriend
to look after me,
I bet Mei wouldn't be
so worried all the time.
Yeah, that's it!
[Nagisa] Well, Sunohara,
good luck out there.